According to this former pharmaceutical VP, the slight uptick in deaths we're currently seeing isn't due to COVID-19 as many believe. When you look closely at who's dying and why, a whole different picture emerges.
The same number of people have died in 2020 that, on average, have died in previous years. This simply wouldn't be the case if we had a lethal pandemic.
Forced vaccination is part of the plan to "reset" this insanity! the global economic system. Now, global vaccine passports are being introduced, and it's only a matter of time before vaccination status will be a prerequisite for travel.
CommonPass is a digital “health passport" framework initiated by The Commons Project, the World Economic Forum and The Rockefeller Foundation.
With no data showing COVID vaccines are safe for pregnant women, and despite reports of miscarriages among women who have recelved the experimental Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, Fauci and other health officials advise pregnant women to get the vaccine.
We conclude that the Pfizer vaccines, for the elderly, killed during the 5-week vaccination period about 40 times more people than the disease itself would have killed, and about 260 times more people than the disease among the younger age class. We stress that, this is in order to produce a green passport valid at most 6 months, and promote Pfizer sales.
Hank Aaron's tragic death is part of a wave of suspicious deaths among elderly closely following administration of COVID vaccines. The baseball legend received the Moderna vaccine on Jan. 5, in an attempt to inspire other Black Americans to step up to the plate and get the vaccine.
READ + SHARE this excellent account on COVID vaccine-related adverse events, ranging from life-threatening anaphylaxis to death.
These numbers reflect the latest data available as of Feb.4 from the CDC Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System website. Of the 653 reported deaths, 602 were from the U.S. The average age of those who died was 77, the youngest was 23.
Have you had enough of the fake pandemic yet?
If vaccines don't cause Autism, why does the government compensate families that have been affected by Autism after receiving a vaccine?
For over 20 years, the federal government has publicly denied a vaccine/autism link while at the same time, its Vaccine Injury Compensation Program has been awarding damages for vaccine injury to children with brain damage, seizures, and autism... Vaccines cause autism.
This study is the first RCT of cloth masks, and the results caution against the use of cloth masks...Moisture retention, reuse of cloth masks and poor filtration may result in increased risk of infection. However, as a precautionary measure, cloth masks should not be recommended for HCWs, particularly in high-risk situations, and guidelines need to be updated.
The MaskAgenda has nothing to do with health and everything to do with control & suppressing your immune system. The longer you wear one, the more unhealthy you become.
On Dec 14, 2020, even the political WHO issued a public warning re "elevated risk for false SARSCoV2 results" with PCR tests used for detection of SARSCoV2. The WHO recommended "manually" adjusting "high Ct values" and providing "Ct value in the report".
Stop getting tested. If you are getting tested you are part of the problem.
COVID is an alleged plague. it has killed more children than it has saved from the targeted disease.
Now it has been SAID that a whistleblower at GlaxoSmithKline just tested their new COVID19 vaccine on 63 women in the UK and made 61 of them infertile! Sanofi's S-protein Covid_ 19 antigen and GSK's pandemic adjuvant technology. This information is currently being confirmed.
I BEAT COVID in 48 hours. This was how; 1. No solid foods only hot soups with vegetable broth, no dairy, lots of spices including turmeric & cayenne pepper. 2. Roughly 2 gallons of water each day=4 gallons of water that I drank in2 days. 3.4,000 mgs of vit. C every 4 hours.
Get the COVID Vaccine But remember the following:
You can STILL spread the virus. You can STILL get COVID again. 10-15% chance of adverse effects. Anaphylaxis & Bell's Palsy side effects. Increased risk of HIV!!! (WT...???) Becoming sterile almost a certainty. ZERO vaccine manufacturer liability. Directed by WHO, GAVI (got it wrong) You MUST STILL wear a mask! You MUST STILL socially distance! You get only 2 months of immunity. before you have to do it again!
Congratulations! You're immunized…against a virus you had a 99.9% chance of surviving! FYI, you have a 2,473% greater chance of dying in a car accident!
Vaccines are part of a medical industry plan to create "a chronically-ill population".
I didn't get my flu shot! Because I'm smart enough to realize that the medical industry prefers a chronically- ill population over a healthy one.
They are using the threat of a vaccine passport to foot you into submitting to ‘vaccination’. Without sufficient vaccine uptake, the idea of a 'vaccine passport' is completely unworkable.
So you're telling me, the same guy that said "we can lower the amount of people on earth with vaccines" is now making a vaccine and the people cant wait to get injected with it.
The FLU has decided to identify as COVID-19 and we should all respect and support its decision.
I refuse to participate in a medical conspiracy that says wearing a mask is healthy and we all pretend healthy people are ill and can make us all sick.
Wake up! Take off the mask!
There is potentially no such thing as the coronavirus because it's not possible to prove that any given pathogen has induced death.
Vaccines cause an 800% increase in chronic illness.
We don't have a pandemic of people falling over dead. We have a pandemic of false positives!
Fear is the virus. I pray the people wake up and realize we are not just tolerating a temporary inconvenience, but we are headed into a full-on medical dictatorship.
It's not about a "VIRUS"! It's about controls!
There is a total lack of evidence that viruses can live outside the body. When the whole healing profession comprehends this simple fact, there will no longer be this fear of germs, nor the need for vaccines, disinfectants, or other harmful germicides.
They are spending a trillion dollars to convince you [the Black Community] that it's ok to kill yourselves [with the COVID vaccine].
I know the reputation of these fine doctors. We should fight back in the black community and not allow our children to be commoditized by big tech and big pharma. This is about commoditizing the black body and taking our freedoms away from us.
How Pathetic can you be! Not shocked, this is the same playbook that Margret Sanger used to trick Black American Women to abort their babies! 1 told all of you from the beginning they were going to pay off Black so-called leaders to trick you into becoming permit slaves! They are our modern-day slave catchers!




